[For 2.6.x] Allow a custom Tracim repo to build the Docker image (#2758)
tracim/tracim: tools_docker/README.md

    cd tools_docker/Debian_Uwsgi
    docker build -t algoo/tracim:latest .

#### With Custom Branch or Tag

> ⚠ **Its not possible to build image with ARG TAG and ARG BRANCH in same time.**

Author: ```suggestion
⚠ **It is not possible to build an image with both ARG TAG and ARG BRANCH at same time.**
```

Ex: `docker build --build-arg TAG="release_02.00.00" -t algoo/tracim:release_02.00.00 .`

By default, the Docker image is built from the main repository of Tracim. To clone Tracim from another repository, use the REPO argument. Don't forget to set a suitable image name.

> Ex: `docker build --build-arg REPO=~/repos/tracim/.git -t algoo/tracim:localrepo .`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ex: `docker build --build-arg REPO="~/repos/tracim/.git" -t algoo/tracim:localrepo .`
```
If user have space or something like that, its better to add double quote.

Reviewer 2: fixe

> ⚠ **Its not possible to build image with ARG TAG and ARG BRANCH in same time.**

Reviewer: This line is very important, so I think its better to put this line just before the line starting by `By default, the Docker......`

Reviewer 2: Reorganised in a more clear way.

Ex: `docker build --build-arg TAG="release_02.00.00" -t algoo/tracim:release_02.00.00 .`

#### With Custom Repository

By default, the Docker image is built from the main repository of Tracim. To clone Tracim from another repository, use the REPO argument. Don't forget to set a suitable image name.

> Ex: `docker build --build-arg REPO="~/repos/tracim/.git" -t algoo/tracim:localrepo .`

Author: ```suggestion
Ex: `docker build --build-arg REPO="https://github.com/<me>/tracim.git" -t algoo/tracim:myrepo .`
```
